Jamie, now from 180 meters.
- Ready? - Shoot without order.
Okay.
Jamie, ready to dodge,
he waits for the escape flame to be seen after Adam's shot,
which will launch the paintball gun
230 milliseconds later.
But when it happens, only Adam knows.
- I got it? - Yes. Give me a second.
Jamie could clearly see the exit flame,
but he barely moved before the time ran out
and paintball shot in his cage.
Undeterred, Jamie tries a few more times.
But in vain.
Cholera.
I saw a flash from a distance of 180 meters.
I reacted and began to get out of his path,
but I was not fast enough.
Given that the result of the fastest human reaction
it's 490 milliseconds,
an attempt to avoid a shot from 180 meters in 230 milliseconds
looks like a superhuman feat.
The myth looks completely overthrown,
but we are too far to give up.
We will switch to the Hollywood flame.
- I saw him. - I saw.
We will move the gun to 365 meters,
which will give us 500 milliseconds to get out of the way
and we'll see if the ball can theoretically be avoided.
The distance from which I will shoot Jamie,
I love this sentence, it's 365 meters.
That's the minimum amount of time Jamie and his good reflexes need,
to get out of the way on time.
For a chance, I'll use a full Hollywood flame,
which is brighter than the actual sniper round.
I am ready.
- Shoot without order. - It's done.
He hit me.
That's not what Jamie wanted to do,
but he will not give up without a fight.
Okay, Adam, shoot without order.
He hit me again.
A very long fight.
With every shot ...
Jamie is making progress by perfecting her technique.
Was close.
But he does not perfect her enough.
Will Adam cope better?
- Do you want to try? - Sure!
Adam, composed like a panther,
he gives Jamie a sign and ...
he is hit in a cage
once in a while.
It's interesting.
We have 500 milliseconds from 365 meters
to react and leave the road, it should be enough time,
but there is a difference
between a workshop trial and a trial in the real world.
In the workshop, we have very bright light in front of our eyes.
In the real world, we have a small dot 365 meters away.
It's harder to see her.
Now we will move this dot to 457 meters,
I will give Jamie more time to react
and we will see if it will meet expectations.
Shoot without order.
I avoided her!
Finally from 457 meters
Hyneman is doing his best dodge with the Matrix,
and paintball goes next.
But considering the status of the myth, he is not impressed.
The test showed that I could escape the bullet.
But the matter is.
We use Hollywood blanks.
and if we used real cartridges,
I would not see anything
and I would be killed.
Jamie is right.
You can avoid it
unrealistically bright Hollywood round,
but there is only one application in the real world.
- What's the verdict? - The myth is overthrown.
There is no way you can avoid a sniper shot.
Everything in their equipment,
including crutches, it is made to hide.
There is no way you can see shots from such a distance,
which will give you the chance to avoid getting hit.
- Deposed. - I agree, it's overthrown.
Let's go.
Could you point her in a different direction?